# Leukeleu Eslint configuration

## Testing this package

To reduce the chances of publishing bugs, test your package before publishing it to the npm registry. Run npm install with the full path to your package directory. You can get this path with `pwd` in your terminal.

`npm install <local path to this repo>`

## Releasing this package

The release of the package can be done entirely on GitHub.

### Bump version

For a release you want to change the version within package.json and create a tag.

1. In GitHub at the top, Go to the `Actions` tab.
1. In the left sidebar, press the Run the GitHub Action named `Bump NPM version` action.
1. You'll see an overview of previous ran actions. On the top right press the button `Run workflow`.

You'll get a prompt to enter a version type. Choose from:

- 'major' version when you make incompatible API changes
- 'minor' version when you add functionality in a backwards compatible manner
- 'patch' version when you make backwards compatible bug fixes

(See https://semver.org/ for more information about versioning)

The action will bump te version, create a tag and push this to the main branch. When the action is done you can see a commit from `leukeleu-deployer` in the package-json. And that there's a tag with the new version number added to the tags.

### Make a release

Now we created a new tag we can continue to make a release.

1. Go to `Releases` in the right sidebar on GitHub.
1. Press the `Draft a new release` button.
1. Press the `Choose a tag` selector and select the tag that was just generated by the `npm-version` GitHub Action.
1. Press `Generate release notes`.
1. Review the generated notes and edit wherever needed. We want to make the changes easy to understand for the maintainers of projects this package is used in.
1. When satisfied with the notes, you can publish the release. Press `Publish release`.

The release is now published on GitHub and you can see your new version in the right sidebar as latest.

The release will also trigger a GitHub Action that releases the package to NPM. Only thing you have to do is check whether the Action succeeded and the package is correctly published to https://www.npmjs.com/package/@leukeleu/stylelint-config.
